# Cs 386 D4

## 1. Introduction 
The problem of sharing large amounts of contact information and social media affects many young and busy people the impact of which is a lot of time wasted by the error prone process of entering in large amounts of information manually. For all people who frequently share significant amounts of contact information QR MeNow is a QR code generating webapp that allows users to share contact information efficiently; unlike manually entering in your contact information every time, QR MeNow allows users to only input their information a single time then share a single QR code from then on. QR-MeNow is also a free service that can be used by anyone with lots of contact information, social media, and more.
https://github.com/Oddant1/QR-MeNow
https://trello.com/b/pkVT1xEm/issue-tracker

## 2. Implemented requirements
### Use Cases implemented:
__Use Case 1:__ Add contact information <br>
__Actor:__ Sender <br>
__Description:__ The sender adds their contact information to the system. <br>
__Preconditions:__ The sender has an account. <br>
__Postconditions:__ The sender's contact information is in the system. <br>
__Main Flow:__ <br>
1. The sender accesses the system.
2. The sender selects add contact information.
2. The sender adds contact information to the system.
4. The sender saves their contact information
5. The contact information is added to the system <br>

__Alternative Flow:__ <br>
- If at any time the sender chooses to cancel, their contact information is thrown out and not stored in the system.

__Use Case 2:__ Update contact information <br>
__Actor:__ Sender <br>
__Description:__ The sender updates existing contact information <br>
__Preconditions:__ The sender has contact information in the system <br>
__Postconditions:__ The sender's existing contact information has been updated. <br>
__Main Flow:__ <br>
1. The sender accesses the system.
2. The sender selects edit contact information.
3. The sender selects the piece of contact information they would like to edit.
4. The sender enters their new contact information in place of the old.
6. The sender saves their new contact information.
7. The system replaces the sender's old contact information with the new. <br>

__Alternative Flow:__
- If at any point the sender chooses to cancel the operation the system retains their old
  contact information.

__Use Case 3:__ Create QR code <br>
__Actor:__ Sender <br>
__Description:__ A sender creates a QR code to share contact information. <br>
__Preconditions:__ The sender has contact information registered. <br>
__Postconditions:__ The sender has a QR code they can share. <br>
1. The sender accesses the system.
2. The sender selects create QR code.
3. The sender configures the QR code.
4. The sender confirms creation of the QR code.
5. The system generates a QR code matching their specification.
6. The QR code is stored in the system for later retrieval <br>

__Alternative Flow:__
- If at any point the sender chooses to cancel their choices are thrown out, and no QR code is
  generated.


__Use Case 4:__ Scan QR code <br>
__Actor:__ Receiver <br>
__Description:__ A receiver scans a QR code generated by a sending user. <br>
__Preconditions:__ Their is an existing QR code to be scanned. <br>
__Postconditions:__ The receiver has access to the information that QR code was configured to share. <br>
1. The receiver scans an existing QR code.
2. The system validates that the QR code is still active.
3. The system displays the contact information the QR code was configured to display to the receiver. <br>

__Alternative Flow:__ <br>
- 2a1. The system determines that the QR code scanned is no longer valid.
- 2a2. The system informs the receiver that the scanned QR code is no longer valid.
- 2b1. If the QR code has a limited number of uses, the system subtracts one from the remaining uses.

## 3. Adopted technologies
### Flask:
Flask was choosen because it leveraged our existing knowledge of python and allowed for easy backend templating of webpage via the jinja2 templating langauge.
### Python:
Flask is a Python backend.
### Jinja2:
Flask uses Jinja2. 
### Bash:
Scripts that perform various tasks on start-up and maintenance.
### HTML:
HTML is being used to create the base structure for our user interface. 
### CSS:
CSS is being used to transform the base HTML into a pleasant and interactive experience for users of the application.
### SQLite: 
SQLite is used to store user data on the backend. It was chosen because it does not require its own seperate server unlike other forms of SQL.

## 4. Learning/training
We have all taken cs126 and cs212 so we have already been introduced to Python and HTML/CSS. This made it very easy for the group members to read up on and learn the basics of Flask required for this project. Kyler also had already used Flask previously, so he was able to set up the backend and the databse and explain the basics to the team.

## 5. Deployment
Currently we are deployed to a personal Raspberry Pi self hosting the website. Current we are responsible to for all systems adminstration tasks such as defending against threats such as ssh bruteforce attacks. Deployment of updates is currently manually

## 6. Licensing
### MIT License:
We chose the MIT Licence because we want our project to be shared, but we don't want to dedicate additional time to ongoing post launch maintenence after this class is over.

## 7. Readme File
https://github.com/Oddant1/QR-MeNow/blob/main/README.md
https://github.com/Oddant1/QR-MeNow/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
https://github.com/Oddant1/QR-MeNow/blob/main/LICENSE.md
https://github.com/Oddant1/QR-MeNow/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## 8. Look & feel
The approach we have taken so far for our user interace is to be as professional and easy on the eyes as possible. We are following a common theme of black and light blue. We are planning to have more images to break up the text and information.
If the theme affects the scability of the QR codes.

## 9. Lessons learned
Throughout the first launch of our project QR-MeNow, we learned quite a bit about the development and deployment of projects. One main lesson we learned was making sure that everyone is on the same page when it comes to pull requests and merges. Having everyone on the same page and communicating effectively leads to a better structure of the divided workload. The first release of our project went pretty well after we got over our communication hiccups. For our next release on this project, we plan to implement a more concrete layout of the work to be done for each member of the team. 



## 10. Demo

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2cxR4OUcKY
